From: Devin         
To: Stan
Title: Can't contact Lucy
1.01am 10/06/2015
I have been trying to contact Lucy for an hour now. She's been off the grid longer than usual after that last op. 
Also, I know it is a bit weird to say this now, but the final image of that last op is stuck in my head for some reason. Maybe I've been in the line too long. I need to be more carefree like you, sucking face all the time.

From: Devin
To: Stan
Title: Upgrade done
12.00pm 11/06/2015
Hey man I have finished installing all the stuff on your new computer. I have set the password as, of course, your fiancee's name. 
FULL name of course. So check it out soon. Also, if you see Lucy, tell her to reply me. She's been ignoring me the whole morning. It is as though I don't exist to her.

From: Lucy
To: Stan
Title: Stop it
3.33 am 12/06/2015
I'm sorry about Emily. But don't you think that using her memory like this is not going to be doing anyone any favours? I thought you had a better head on your shoulders. For Emily's sake, please stop going on about curses. I'll help you find out who is responsible. In the meantime, go talk to Devin. I don't know what hole he disappeared into during all of this, but go have a nice long talk with him okay?

From: Stan
To: Lucy
Title: Devin is dangerous
4.44 am 12/06/2015
Lucy, you wouldn’t pick up your phone, so I’m using this as the last resort. DO NOT LISTEN TO DEVIN, UNDERSTAND? The curse of the triplets is real! He's been possessed completely! He might have killed Emily! He's going to get you too! He's been using my computer to send all kinds of weird stuff! I'll say it again! Whatever you do, DO NOT LISTEN TO DEVIN!!

*Latest update* 11/06/2015 – Turtle Times
A 20 year old girl was found in burnt to death this evening. Emily Rose's remains were found in that state at her home at 11 Vicinity Road. Police are currently conducting an investigation to see if there is a link between the two arson cases. Signs indicate that the girl had been asleep when the fire started, and had awoken too late. Police suspect that her deep sleep might have been caused by drugs found in her stomach, which might be attributed to the fact that she was a known drug addict. Foul play has not been ruled out. Her fiancee declined to be interviewed. 