From: Devin         
To:  Stan
Title: Can't contact Lucy
1.01am 10/06/2015
I have been trying to contact Lucy for an hour now. She's been off the grid longer than usual. 
Also, I know it is a bit weird to say this now, but the final image of that last op is stuck in my head for some reason. Maybe I've been in the line too long. I need to be more carefree like you, sucking face all the time.

From: Devin
To: Stan
Title: Upgrade done
12.00pm 11/06/2015
Hey man I have finished installing all the stuff on your new computer. I have set the password as her full name, so check it out soon. Also, if you see Lucy, tell her to reply me. She's been ignoring me the whole morning. It is as though I don't exist to her.

From: Lucy
To: Stan
Title: Stop it
3.33 am 12/06/2015
I'm sorry about Emily. But don't you think that using her memory like this is not going to be doing anyone any favours? I thought you had a better head on your shoulders. For Emily's sake, please stop going on about curses. I'll help you find out who is responsible. In the meantime, go talk to Devin. I don't know what hole he disappeared into during all of this, but go have a nice long talk with him okay?

From: Stan
To: Lucy
Title: Devin is dangerous
4.44 am 12/06/2015
Lucy, you wouldn’t pick up your phone, so I’m using this as the last resort. DO NOT LISTEN TO DEVIN, UNDERSTAND? He's been possessed completely! He might killed Emily! He's going to get you too! He's been using my computer to send all kinds of weird stuff! I'll say it again! Whatever you do, DO NOT LISTEN TO DEVIN!!

From: Lucy
To: Stan
Title: You need to calm down
5.03 am 12/06/2015
Stan, please answer my calls. Why are you talking about Devin like this? There is no way that he could be the one because he was with me the whole day. Where are you? I'm going down to your place. If I can reach that idiot who is ignoring my calls too, then I will bring him down as well. 

From: Stan
To: Lucy
Title: Don't go near Stan!
9.29am 12/06/2015
Lucy I'm Stan here. Like THE Stan. Idiot Stan. The one on the grid. No matter what you have to believe me! Normal Stan is gone! I can't say much else! There are things that are way beyond our normal lives happening. Remember that night, Lucy? It's me. Please, please understand!
Olly olly oxen free.

From: Lucy
To: Stan
Title: Ritual
3.42pm 12/06/2015


10/06/2015 – Turtle Times
The Mystic Hut at Holland Ave 06, 42 Memphy Street was burned down late last evening. The renowned prophetic triplets were not able to escape in time. “Mua, Tina and Nymeria were such amazing children. So kind-hearted and sweet,” Betty Ong, their caretaker who had been out grocery shopping at the time of the incident, cried out to our reporters.  
The triplets have caused much controversy in the religious community, some claiming that the ring they possess as well as the ability to see the future to be the hallmark of evil. There have been rumours that this has been used along side with their powers to aid the police in a few cases, but spokesmen have refused to comment. Cases that they had been reputed to solve include “Flying prata man” and “Meatball Artillery”.

*Latest update* 11/06/2015 – Turtle Times
A 20 year old girl was found in burnt to death this evening. Emily Rose's remains were found in that state at her home at 11 Vicinity Road. Police are currently conducting an investigation to see if there is a link between the two arson cases. Signs indicate that the girl had been asleep when the fire started, and had awoken too late. Police suspect that her deep sleep might have been caused by drugs found in her stomach, which might be attributed to the fact that she was a known drug addict. Foul play has not been ruled out. Her fiancee declined to be interviewed. 

11/06/2015 Something is weird. One minute I was talking to someone and the next they ignored me and went about their thing as if I was not there. Even Lucy is ignoring me.
11/06/2015 I finally understand. I am disappearing from this world. Only Stan seems to be unaffected by this, but who knows for how long?
12/06/2015 The reason Stan is unaffected is because he has been possessed. Any sign that I ever existed is slowly disappearing. I managed to find a loophole, but soon I might not be able to interact with the world anymore.
13/06/2015 I have sealed Lucy into this computer and changed the name of this log. It would keep her safe until I can successfully get rid of whatever Stan is now. In case I disappear... Stan if you are back to normal and reading this, the way to free Lucy is to type that phrase. You know, the one that I use when I am support for Lucy. And Lucy, I won't forget that night.