From: Lucy
To: Stan
Title: You need to calm down
5.03 am 12/06/2015
Stan, please answer my calls. Why are you talking about Devin like this? There is no way that he could be Emily's killer because he was with me the whole day. Where are you? I'm going down to your place. If I can reach that idiot who is ignoring my calls too, then I will bring him down as well. 

From: Lucy
To: Stan
Title: Urgent, please read!
3.42pm 12/06/2015
I got it. The way we can break free from this. If you read this, meet me at the usual place asap.

From: Stan
To: Lucy
Title: Don't go near Stan!
9.29am 12/06/2015
Lucy it is not Stan here. I am the other guy. The idiot! Your idiot! No matter what you have to believe me! I can't use my name so please understand what I'm saying, Lucy! Stan is gone and we are all in danger! I can't say much else! Things are drastically evolving and changing way beyond what we expected. Please be careful, Lucy! And don't forget to use our phrase when we meet, "olly olly oxen free".

10/06/2015 – Turtle Times
The Mystic Hut at Holland Ave 06, 42 Memphy Street was burned down late last evening. The renowned prophetic triplets were not able to escape in time. “Mua, Tina and Nymeria were such amazing children. So kind-hearted and sweet,” Betty Ong, their caretaker who had been out grocery shopping at the time of the incident, cried out to our reporters.  
The triplets have caused much controversy in the religious community, some claiming that the ring they possess as well as the ability to see the future to be the hallmark of evil. There have been rumours that this has been used along side with their powers to aid the police in a few cases, but spokesmen have refused to comment. Cases that they had been reputed to solve include “Flying prata man” and “Meatball Artillery”.

11/06/2015 Something is weird. One minute I was talking to someone and the next they ignored me and went about their thing as if I was not there. Even Lucy is ignoring me.
11/06/2015 I finally understand. I am disappearing from this world. Only Stan seems to be unaffected by this, but who knows for how long?
12/06/2015 The reason Stan is unaffected is because he has been possessed. Any sign that I ever existed is slowly disappearing. I managed to find a loophole, but soon I might not be able to interact with the world anymore.
13/06/2015 I have sealed Lucy into this computer. It would keep her safe until I can successfully get rid of whatever Stan is now. In case I disappear... Stan if you are back to normal and reading this, the way to free Lucy is to type that phrase. And Lucy, I will never forget you, even if I am forgotten by everyone.